docs(graphql): Add deprecated directive (#146)
dgraph-io/dgraph-docs: content/graphql/schema/deprecated.md

    parent = "schema"
+++

The `@deprecated` directive allows you to tag the schema definition of a field or enum value as deprecated with an optional reason.

> By using the `@deprecated` directive, Dgraph will pass this information through to the generated API, so users can deprecate their fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you use the `@deprecated` directive, Dgraph passes through the deprecation and optional reason to the generated API. So, users are notified and can deprecate their use of the deprecated field or `enum` value.
```

Author: please check the updated version based on Rajas' feedback

Reviewer: LGTM

> By using the `@deprecated` directive, Dgraph will pass this information through to the generated API, so users can deprecate their fields.

Reviewer 2: Can you remove the statement, "Dgraph will pass this information through to the generated API".

Author: Hello @vmrajas, would this alternative be ok?

```suggestion
When you use the `@deprecated` directive, GraphQL users can deprecate their use of the deprecated field or `enum` value.
```

Reviewer 2: Yeah, this will be ok
